XRDDEV-983 (#22)
nordic-institute/X-Road-Security-Server-sidecar: README.md

>   To install the Security Server Sidecar provider, modify the image build in the setup_security_server_sidecar.sh changing the path "sidecar/Dockerfile" to "sidecar/provider/Dockerfile". The Sidecar provider is based on the Sidecar image and adds support for message loggin, both for internal or remote database (Check 1.6 step).

Reviewer: Typos - out of the scope of this ticket, but worth fixing :)
```suggestion
  To install the Security Server Sidecar provider, modify the docker image build path in the setup_security_server_sidecar.sh script by changing the path "sidecar/Dockerfile" to "sidecar/provider/Dockerfile". The Sidecar provider is based on the Sidecar image and adds support for message logging, both for internal or remote database setup (more info about remote database support in section 1.6).
```

>   To install the Security Server Sidecar provider with finish settings, modify the image build in the setup_security_server_sidecar.sh changing the path "sidecar/Dockerfile" to "sidecar/provider/fi/Dockerfile"

Reviewer: Typos - out of the scope of this ticket, but worth fixing :)
```suggestion
  To install the Security Server Sidecar provider with Finnish settings, modify the docker image build path in the setup_security_server_sidecar.sh script by changing the path "sidecar/Dockerfile" to "sidecar/provider/fi/Dockerfile"
```
